[IMP] link to buy compatible checks (#737)
odoo/documentation: accounting/payables/pay/check.rst

- **Peachtree**: check in the middle, stubs on top and bottom
- **ADP**: check in the bottom, and stubs on the top.

> You can purchase checks that are compatible with the standard Odoo format (v12.0 and up) at `<https://www.checkdepot.net/checks/laser/Odoo.htm>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can purchase checks that are compatible with the standard Odoo format on `checkdepot.net
<https://checkdepot.net/collections/computer-checks/Odoo>`_.
```

Although, why is checkdepot.net featured?
